HDDS-8916. Update documentation for ozone sh delete commands. (#5095)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/interface/Cli.md

  ....
} ]
```

> If the volume is empty, we can delete volume using below command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the volume is empty, we can delete the volume using the command below. 
```

```shell
$ ozone sh volume delete /vol1
Volume vol1 is deleted
```

> If Volume contains some buckets/keys, we can delete volume recursively. Which will delete all the buckets, keys for the specified volume and also volume will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the volume contains some buckets/keys, we can delete volume recursively. Which will delete all the buckets, keys for the specified volume and also volume will be deleted.
```

> If the volume contains some buckets/keys, we can delete volume recursively. Which will delete all the buckets, keys for the specified volume and also volume will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the volume contains any buckets or keys, we can delete the volume recursively. This will delete all keys and buckets within the volume, and then delete the volume itself.
```

}
```

> If Bucket is empty we can delete bucket using below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bucket is empty we can delete bucket using below command.
```

> If the bucket is empty we can delete bucket using below command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bucket is empty we can delete the bucket using the command below.
```

```shell
$ ozone sh bucket delete /vol1/bucket1
Bucket bucket1 is deleted
```

> If the bucket contains some keys, we can delete bucket recursively. Which will delete all the keys for the specified bucket and also bucket will be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bucket contains any keys, we can delete the bucket recursively. This will delete all the keys within the bucket, and then the bucket itself.
```

$ ozone sh key get /vol1/bucket1/README.md /tmp/
```

> In delete key operation, if trash is enabled then for FSO bucket deleted key will move inside trash. 
> Whereas for OBS bucket keys will be deleted permanently irrespective of trash is enabled or disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the key is in an FSO bucket it will be moved to the trash when deleted. 
If the key is in an OBS bucket it will be permanently deleted.
```

Probably want to link to the bucket types page for FSO/OBS buckets too, since I think that part is later in the docs and new users may not be familiar with this term. Also adding the default location of the trash directory will help.
